2.10.20 Release Notes (#10181)
PrefectHQ/prefect: RELEASE-NOTES.md

# Prefect Release Notes

## Release 2.10.20

### Resolving UI form input issues

This off-cycle release resolves bugs preventing UI form inputs from being rendered and parsed correctly. 

### Prefect no longer supports Python 3.7

Python 3.7 reached end-of-life on 27 Jun 2023. Consistent with our warning, this release drops Python 3.7 support. Prefect now requires Puython 3.8 or later.

### Enhancements

> - Add UUID validation for webhook, so they fail erlier and more clearly — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10005

Author: ```suggestion
- Add UUID validation for webhook CLI commands, so they fail earlier and more clearly — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10005
```

- Clarify Dockerfile rename language in `prefect deploy` CLI prompt — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10124
- Improve `prefect deploy` error message — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10175
- Add `work_pool_name` to `Deployment` docstring — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10174

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Fixes
- Unable to select correct date/time for deployment flow run parameters — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1554
- List[Literal] input selection not working as expected — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1556
- JSON fields incorrectly escaping values — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1557

```

# Prefect Release Notes

## Release 2.10.20

### Resolving UI form input issues

> This off-cycle release resolves bugs preventing UI form inputs from being rendered and parsed correctly, including:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This release resolves bugs preventing UI form inputs from being rendered and parsed correctly, including:
```

- Dates & times — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1554

> - List value selections — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1556

Author: ```suggestion
- List values — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1556
```

- JSON fields — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1557

### Prefect no longer supports Python 3.7

Python 3.7 reached end-of-life on 27 Jun 2023. Consistent with our warning, this release drops Python 3.7 support. Prefect now requires Puython 3.8 or later.

### Enhancements

> - Add UUID validation for webhook CLI commands, so they fail earlier and more clearly — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10005

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Add UUID validation for webhook CLI commands to raise errors earlier and more clearly — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10005
```

> - Clarify Dockerfile rename language in `prefect deploy` CLI prompt — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10124

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Clarify Dockerfile rename prompt in `prefect deploy` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10124
```
just a suggestion.. not totally sure if it's improved

Author: Yours is clearer

This off-cycle release resolves bugs preventing UI form inputs from being rendered and parsed correctly. 

### Prefect no longer supports Python 3.7

Python 3.7 reached end-of-life on 27 Jun 2023. Consistent with our warning, this release drops Python 3.7 support. Prefect now requires Puython 3.8 or later.

### Enhancements
- Add UUID validation for webhook CLI commands, so they fail earlier and more clearly — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10005
- Clarify Dockerfile rename language in `prefect deploy` CLI prompt — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10124
- Improve `prefect deploy` error message — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10175
- Add `work_pool_name` to `Deployment` docstring — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/10174

### Fixes
- Unable to select correct date/time for deployment flow run parameters — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1554
- List[Literal] input selection not working as expected — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1556
- JSON fields incorrectly escaping values — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1557

### Contributors
- @toby-coleman

> **All changes**: https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/compare/2.10.19...preview

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**All changes**: https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/compare/2.10.19...2.10.20
```
